CASMPET-5450 1.0 : kube-etcdbackup jobs fail when NCN ncn-s001 is removed (#1296)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/utility_storage/Add_Ceph_Node.md

    ncn-s# /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/join_ceph_cluster.sh
    ```

>     **IMPORTANT:** In the output from `watch ceph -s` the health should go to a `HEALTH_WARN` state. This is expected. Most commonly you will see an alert about `failed to probe daemons or devices`, but this should clear on its own. In addition, it may take time for the added OSDs to report as `up`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **IMPORTANT:** In the output from `watch ceph -s` the health should go to a `HEALTH_WARN` state. This is expected. Most commonly you will see an alert about `failed to probe daemons or devices`, but this should clear on its own. In addition, it may take up to 5 minutes for the added OSDs to report as `up`.  This is dependent on the Ceph Orchestrator performing an inventory and completing batch processing to add the OSDs.   
```

     10.252.1.13
     ```

     Update the existing HAproxy config on `ncn-s001`, `ncn-s002` or `ncn-s003` to include the added node.

     ```

>      ncn-s# vi /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg

Reviewer: This is specific to the node you are adding back.   ncn-s# indicated you can run that from any node..  not sure how to address this.  also one on line 163.
